hey everybody so what's poppin Jenna and
I'm going to be showing you guys my new
pets I got today and today I went to an
exotic animal and reptile show or it's
an expedition and they have like camels
there and so we're dead camels and doors
and they had ocelots and they had um it
was mostly rock piles like snakes and
lizards and frogs and all I've gross
stuff but yeah they were sawing pets
there they had puppies and guinea pigs
and hamsters and stuff and birds but
yeah and today I got to fancy Matt mice
I was like yeah fancy mouse and they are
eight weeks old so they're about two
months old and I'm going to show them to
you guys try another let me get this bin
and just a certain but yes i'ma show you
guys am and here they are there's one of
those are the ones in the tube but
here's their our bond one has a turtle
in it and I'm holding with duct tape
right now cuz I'm homing signal with
there's a waterfall and here's a food
dish and as a buncha soon it in its pink
play-doh Plus pink and their their tubes
and their egg carton but here they are
they're so cute i love them they're tiny
and they well they're so adventurous in
trouble so you're the first one and this
is sunny and shoes such a sweetheart i
love her and they're both girls by the
way so yeah um they have this game yeah
and they've all come there to scan this
egg carton and here's if you can come
out already oh she's so stubborn
and this one sorry I'm sick too but um
she won't come out don't you know baby
this right here is savvy or her name
Savannah and yes her and she's named
after a violin gal 12 and yeah she's
from month you've heard kind of I guess
I don't know the name of it so here she
is there's your face and they both have
red eyes but yeah so if you did like get
ready to jump then I Klingon so cute
thank you for watch that come on get off
click lots of hills around you they're
so cute though and then the other little
pile of hay and it's like that's a
corner picked out a my guinea pigs right
here and snow big loop but yeah all she
says right now and she's clicking
yourself what you doing savvy they both
the door wall I'm i may get them another
kids but this seems to suit them so well
because its own yeah it's the 58 cords
so it's really big it's bigger than like
the National cage but i might get them a
cage i'm not sure and i'm gonna get them
a wheel probably put it right there
they're so adorable their tiny like
compared my hands are like that big hey
baby but yeah they've loved like playing
the tubes and yeah i just got them while
ago so they're still adjusting and
everything but yeah they were soda and
yeah
I really wanted like a cream on and it
was like white tail but um it was a boy
so yeah but they're both girls and
they're so don't come here savvy so he
didn't like they picked up but you're my
baby I red-eyed baby savannah is
adorable yes you are violent girl 12 or
X glitter gal on Twitter so go follow
her because she's awesome I think that
book oh no just 14 then there's sunny so
sunny and savvy so thanks for watching
my pretty long video but those remind
you my spy